previously on project 30 math and
modeling for the first time in his life
but will he fit in his suit will amar
pack anything else other than shoe is
Michael just they two of Toronto Men's
Fashion Week there was a celebrity walk
scheduled which we unfortunately do not
have backstage access for and especially
not with our camera but if you thought
that would stop us you must be new here
we've become friends with Rainier the
lead makeup artist and an all-around
badass got us in backstage we were the
only intruders with a cameras with three
main objectives first shake the hand of
Lennox Lewis one of the greatest
heavyweight boxers of all time who
knocked out Mike Tyson
second hang out with just rain famous
youtuber Viner and someone of an
inspiration third meet nick bateman a
canadian modelling superstar and finally
we also wanted to hang out with alan
alda Minh and all the other celebrity
walkers
we heard that Lennox had arrived so we
nervously walked up and introduced him
to our handshake
we then found just rain on the runway I
was born I knew I was going to do this I
knew this is where my career is heading
so I'm happy I finally found my foothold
in life my the only one who's nervous
y'all are going to walk
make some relays warm up I thought just
on would keep hanging out backstage for
a bit video
you
I didn't commit a new full your nation
but I get out to the end that's my move
everybody's doing something funny I'm
just going to stand there open my jacket
ago okay everywhere I'm a sponge I just
need to expunge a little another she
probably at church because the church we
finally found a Nick Bateman and Ammar
fangirl it was whose nickname he's a
very very famous model
Dragic 30 we're gonna try to introduce
nick bateman to the our secret handshake
let's do it
I think it's right there
you can get in my shape
it was not time the swimsuit walk how to
feel terrible about yourself 101
how much roomier huh I'm not showing you
anyway
damn it going on that mark alright nice
game to do it
oh not really bad I just got morning
how long do you think it would take you
to get in my ship
like we all see that that's like four
Tomatoes yeah like
I don't even think
to do like five push-ups okay now let's
go get pizza and somehow we ended the
night at the celebrity afterparty
we walked home that night way later than
we should have and that's big day and
fast tomorrow